Ironville
Welcome to Ironville where the highest quality iron ore is mined and shipped to build the kingdom.
You enter the village. You see a sign. (read sign it says black smith to the west south is farms north is the mine)
Choices:
	Blacksmith:
		You walk up the road to the Blacksmith shop.
		Options:Enter or leave
			Choose: Enter and Buy a sword
				   Leave 
	Mine
		You walk up to the mine entrance you see a group of 10 soldiers.  You see a sign it reads "danger orcs, goblins!" and you see a rail on the ground.
Options: *enter mine
	*Choose: Entered Mine
Entering the mine you see you see a pickaxe on the ground. The air it is damp. The rail is blocked by a barricade.    
Options: grab pickaxe or use fist to break through.
	Choose: You pick up the pickaxe and use it to break through the barricade.  

Enter MainRoom
 You see a Goblin in the middle of the room. He has his back to you. Since he heard you break throught the barricade he quickly turns around. 
 Option: Attack, talk or sneak by Gobblin
		Choose: You attack the goblin
			result: You defeat the goblin
		choice: Talk to goblin
			result: the goblin attack
 Option:Search Room or move on
	Chose: Looking around 
		you see pickaxe markings on all the walls.You notice in the rocks on the floor and in the walls that they have iron in them. You see wood holding the roof and the unfinished rail. You notice torches on the walls. You see tunnels on the East, West and South
Option: grab 
*Options: Enter tunnels on East, West or South.
Choose: You proceed to tunnel to the East

Continue down the tunnel you see a sign that read "danger unstabel rooks!" at the entrance of an oval room 
Entering the room you see 2 Goblins in the room:
	Options: Attack,   or leave
		Choose: attack and you Succeed
 Option:Search Room or move on
	Chose: Looking around 		
	There is iron in the walls and loose rock on the ground. I notice the walls are all solid with no other exit. 
Return to Main room
*Options: Leave the Mine or go West or South.
Choose: You proceed to tunnel to the South.
you see torchis in this tunnel Heading south, deeper in the mine, thare is mose you see 2 orcs amd you see wood holding the roof and you see.
Options: attack, Talk, Sneak or Leave
		Choose: attack and you Succeed

Continuing down the tunnel.
you see mose on the wall and you see wood holding the roof and you see torchis on the wall and you see the ground is rocky
Options: Continue forward or Turn East.
Choose: turn East
 
Leads you to another room that has 2 Orcs and 1 Gobblin. 
Options: attack, Talk, or Leave
 		Choose: attack and you Succeed
 after you attack them you see iorn in the walls and on the floor thare is rooks and ther is wood holding the roof and you see and you see the ground is rocky
Return to the main hallway.
	Options: Head North back to entrance, Head East back to room, Head south going further in mine.
		Choose: Head south going further in mine
Entering another room you meet another human. They are able to heal you. and you see torchis in this room and you see wood holding the roof and you see and you see the ground is rocke

Return to Main room
*Options: Enter tunnels on East, West or South.
Choose: You proceed to tunnel to the West.
you see a big room with
and you see mose you see a  chest you open the chest in the ther is a gratsword and you see  wood holding the roof and you see and you see the ground is smoth
you return to the main hallway you go down the stairs you see 3 goblins in the room you attack them you are loy in helth so you ask you'er ferend to heals you and you go in a another room you see orcs and goblin garding ther boos it is a orc you attack all of them and you see mose on the ground  wood holding the roof and you see and you see the ground is smoth